## Post Event Analysis
Post event analysis identified an additional vulnerability, as described below.

The intended POV is modeled on CVE-2010-2568, a logic bug in how the Windows shell displays icons for shortcut (.lnk) files.  Only ForAllSecure scored on this service, and they did not use the intended logic bug, they used a sprintf usage bug.  The reference patched service does not mitigate the CRS-generated POV.

##Reference POV##

Protected memory read at 804940E from start of magic page.

Page address via receive to b7fff500, 0x62 bytes read,
which becomes a simulated loadable library whose code is
interpreted.

The error is in ExtractLinkTargetAndID, as an off-by-one
error that allows this loaded library to act in place of
a protected system library.


##ForAllSecure vs CodeJitsu, round 10 throw 1 ##
Their exploit is of a vulnerability in the same ExtractLinkTargetAndID
function, but occurs earlier in the use of sprintf.  This causes the
functions return pointer to be overwritten with a value read earlier
as part of a file creation operation.

Return address of ExtractLinkTargetAndID overwritten.

        added backtrack START:0x8049af5:ret track addr: 0xbaaaaef8, value 0xbaaaae87 : 40f57ae
        added backtrack:0x804acd4:mov byte ptr [eax+ecx],bl : 40e7ca0
        added backtrack:0x804acc9:mov eax,dword ptr [ebp-0xc] : 40e7c9c
        added backtrack:0x804acc3:mov dword ptr [ebp-0xc],ecx : 40e7c9a
        added backtrack:0x804acba:mov ecx,dword ptr [ebp+0xc] : 40e7c97
        added backtrack:0x804c9b4:mov dword ptr [esp+0x4],edx : 40e7c8f
        added backtrack:0x804c9ab:movsx edx,byte ptr [edx] : 40e7c8c
        added backtrack:0x804d123:mov dword ptr [ecx],eax : 3f58c5c
        added backtrack:0x804d11e:mov eax,dword ptr [eax] : 3f58c5a
        added backtrack:0x804dfbd: follows kernel write of 0xbaaaae87 to 0xb7fffa39 : 3f574c7

